You even dare me?
The second master said that you are not from the Lu family
I can't get in this door today. Get out
Garmin
It's you who should get out
Here's the evidence.
It was Lu Jiaming who tampered with his grandfather's will
Pingzheng, what are you talking about?
The will was forged
Here's the evidence.
Why are you in a hurry?
How do you drag the old man out for me? Wait a minute.
Uncle, don't trust him
He is afraid of losing his position as successor
Intentionally frame me
You only know to pay off lawyers
Forged will
I don't know.
Grandpa changed his habit of signing in his later years
Not a word about this
I see.
I said big brother is not that kind of old stubborn
How could you make such a will?
Lu Jiaming, this trash
This can be reversed by Su Huang